you
You and I
Since you are my fiancée
I won't let anyone make it difficult for you
Including your family
You said you were a side-by-side king
It's a side by side king
Now admit to being a fake and get out
None of us are embarrassed
Bai Qianzi, as the president of the Bai Group
That's how we do things.
He is the Lord God
If he is the Lord God, he can wear unknown stall goods
You think we are all fools.
Why are you speechless?
You are just jealous of my daughter
You can marry the Lord God
You have the ability
Also ask your Bai Qianjiao to find one too
Your Highness
Hey yo yo
I can't afford a prince who can only wear street stalls
I don't look like a sister.
You can see anything
Why is this Lord God so strange?
Good high-end clothing is not worn
But through the stall
Doesn't that obviously keep us from getting off stage?
Ignorance how
Could it be that you still want to say that you are an international haute couture?
Don't think I'm ignorant
The haute couture doesn't even have a designer's name
cut
You don't recognize it.